
show_progress 0.2 0

delete_recursive DATA:dalvik-cache/
delete_recursive DATA:boot-cache/

format CACHE:
format SYSTEM:
copy_dir PACKAGE:system SYSTEM:

show_progress 0.3 0

symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/arp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ash
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/awk
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/basename
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/bbconfig
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/brctl
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/bunzip2
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/bzcat
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/bzip2
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cal
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cat
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/catv
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/chgrp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/chmod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/chown
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/chroot
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cksum
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/clear
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cmp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cpio
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/cut
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/date
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dc
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dd
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/depmod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/devmem
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/df
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/diff
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dirname
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dmesg
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dnsd
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/dos2unix
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/du
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/echo
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ed
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/egrep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/env
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/expr
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/false
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/fdisk
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/fgrep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/find
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/fold
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/free
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/freeramdisk
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/fuser
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/getopt
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/grep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/gunzip
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/gzip
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/head
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/hexdump
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/id
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ifconfig
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/insmod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/install
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ip
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/kill
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/killall
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/killall5
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/length
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/less
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ln
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/losetup
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ls
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/lsmod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/lspci
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/lsusb
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/lzop
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/lzopcat
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/md5sum
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mkdir
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mke2fs
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mkfifo
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mkfs.ext2
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mknod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mkswap
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mktemp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/modprobe
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/more
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mount
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mountpoint
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/mv
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/netstat
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/nice
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/nohup
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/nslookup
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ntpd
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/od
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/patch
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/pgrep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/pidof
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ping
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/pkill
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/printenv
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/printf
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/ps
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/pwd
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/rdev
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/readlink
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/realpath
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/renice
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/reset
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/rm
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/rmdir
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/rmmod
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/route
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/run-parts
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sed
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/seq
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/setsid
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sh
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sha1sum
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sha256sum
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sha512sum
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sleep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sort
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/split
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/stat
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/strings
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/stty
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/swapoff
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/swapon
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sync
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/sysctl
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tac
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tail
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tar
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tee
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/telnet
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/test
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tftp
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/time
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/top
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/touch
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tr
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/traceroute
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/true
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tty
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/tune2fs
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/umount
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/uname
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/uniq
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/unix2dos
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/unlzop
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/unzip
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/uptime
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/usleep
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/uudecode
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/uuencode
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/vi
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/watch
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/wc
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/wget
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/which
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/whoami
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/xargs
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/yes
symlink /system/xbin/busybox SYSTEM:xbin/zcat

symlink /system/xbin/su SYSTEM:bin/su

set_perm_recursive 0 0 0755 0644 SYSTEM:
set_perm_recursive 0 2000 0755 0755 SYSTEM:bin
set_perm_recursive 0 2000 0755 0755 SYSTEM:xbin
set_perm_recursive 0 0 0755 0555 SYSTEM:etc/ppp
set_perm 0 2000 0550 SYSTEM:etc/init.goldfish.sh

set_perm 1002 1002 0440 SYSTEM:etc/dbus.conf
set_perm 1014 2000 0550 SYSTEM:etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-run-hooks
set_perm 1001 1005 0440 SYSTEM:etc/AudioPara4.csv
set_perm 0 3003 02755 SYSTEM:bin/netcfg
set_perm 0 3004 02755 SYSTEM:bin/ping
set_perm 0 2000 04755 SYSTEM:bin/su

show_progress 0.1 0

delete DATA:app
copy_dir PACKAGE:data DATA:
copy_dir PACKAGE:sdcard SDCARD:

set_perm 1000 1000 0771 DATA:app

show_progress 0.2 0
format BOOT:
write_raw_image PACKAGE:boot.img BOOT:

show_progress 0.1 0

format CACHE:
show_progress 0.1 10

